###Important

* The application uses git to clone the docs content repository. *Git must be installed on your machine*
* At the moment only the tags section is working as demo.

###How this works ?

When the application starts the git content repository ( actually - https://github.com/andreacfm/railo_docs_test)
is cloned under the /repo folder.
This repository follow some conventions:

* tags content are stored under the /tags folder.

        tags
            tag_name
                intro.md
                examples.md
            another_tag_name
                intro.md
                examples.md

* content is parsed and converted to html

When you visit the details page for a tag the applications looks for content in the /repo/tags/tag_name location.
If content exists is parsed and injected in defined sections of the template:

* intro.md is added after the tag description for adding more content to this section.
* examples.md if exixts is added to the end of the content generated by railo (after the attributes table)

Any 60 seconds the application looks for new commits and if any have been pushed changes are pulled and displayed when required.

###Why?

* Easy way to mix docs autogenerated from the engine (always up to date) with examples and more contributions from the community.
* Easy to install. Just drop the war file and navigate to /railo-docs.
* Easy way for collecting contributiions. People may fork the docs repo.
  Work on contenta on their own machine and then send a pull request. Clean and easy.
* Easy to maintain. No db. No User. No rich text editor and crazy syntax. Just markdown or html.
* Easy to extend. App can be used for tags and functions but keeping some folder conventions on the git repo could easily be used to add pages
and more content. Example:

        tags
            .....
        functions
            .....
        pages
            .....


